Nova 4 (#358)
laravel/nova-docs: 4.0/resources/fields.md

## Default Values

> There are time you may wish to provide a default value to your fields. Nova enables this using the `default` method, which accepts a value or callback. This value will be used as the field's default input value on the resource creation view:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are times you may wish to provide a default value to your fields. Nova enables this using the `default` method, which accepts a value or callback. This value will be used as the field's default input value on the resource creation view:
```

Markdown::make('Biography')->alwaysShow(),
```

### Multi-select Field

> The `MultiSelect` field provides a `Select` field that allows multiple selection options. This field work pairs nicely with model attribute that are cast to `array`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `MultiSelect` field provides a `Select` field that allows multiple selection options. This field pairs nicely with model attributes that are cast to `array`:
```

})->daily(),
```

### URL Field

> The `URL` field extends [Text field](#text-field) and will render URLs as clickable links instead of plain text:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `URL` field renders URLs as clickable links instead of plain text:
```

```php
URL::make('GitHub URL'),

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

The `URL` field also supports customizing the generated link's text by using the `displayUsing` callback:

```php
URL::make('Receipt')
    ->displayUsing(fn() => "{optional($this->user)->name}'s receipt")
```

In addition to using the value of the corresponding column on the resource, you may use `URL` fields with a computed value:

```php
URL::make('Receipt', fn() => $this->receipt_url)
```
```

### Dependent Field

The `dependsOn` method allows you to customize how a field can depends on another field(s) values. The method accept an `array` of dependent field attributes and a callback to modify the configuration of current field instance, this allows further customisation such as toggling read-only, field value, validation rules etc.

```php
use Laravel\Nova\Fields\FormData;
use Laravel\Nova\Fields\Select;
use Laravel\Nova\Fields\Text;
use Laravel\Nova\Http\Requests\NovaRequest;

Select::make('Purchase Type', 'type')
    ->options([
        'personal' => 'Personal',
        'gift' => 'Gift',
    ]),

// Receiver field should only be enabled only when Purchase Type has been set 
// to "gift" and enable "required" and "email" validation rules.
Text::make('Receiver')
    ->readonly()
    ->dependsOn(
        ['type'], 
        function (Text $field, NovaRequest $request, FormData $formData) {
            if ($formData->type === 'gift') {
                $field->readonly(false)
                    ->rules(['required', 'email']);
            }
        }
    ),
```

> This feature compatible with most built-in fields implementing `Laravel\Nova\Fields\SupportsDependentFields` trait and `DependentFormField` Vue component mixin.

Reviewer 2: @crynobone  Are we able to list specifically which fields don't support this?
